Ref(capacitor): source maps update (#14486)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/capacitor/index.mdx

```bash {tabTitle: Ionic Build & others}
sentry-cli sourcemaps inject --org ___ORG_SLUG___ --project ___PROJECT_SLUG___ ./www
sentry-cli sourcemaps upload --release <release_name>  --dist <dist> ./www
```

```bash {tabTitle: Ionic Capacitor Build}

# Android
sentry-cli sourcemaps inject --org ___ORG_SLUG___ --project ___PROJECT_SLUG___ ./android/app/src/main/assets/public
sentry-cli sourcemaps upload --org ___ORG_SLUG___ --project ___PROJECT_SLUG___ --release <release_name>  --dist <dist> ./android/app/src/main/assets/public
find ./android/app/src/main/assets/public -type f -name '*.map' -delete # Optional, removes sourcemaps from the mobile app.

# iOS
sentry-cli sourcemaps inject --org ___ORG_SLUG___ --project ___PROJECT_SLUG___ ./ios/App/App/public
sentry-cli sourcemaps upload --org ___ORG_SLUG___ --project ___PROJECT_SLUG___ --release <release_name> --dist <dist> ./ios/App/App/public,
find ./ios/App/App/public -type f -name '*.map' -delete # Optional, removes sourcemaps from the mobile app.

```

<Alert level="warning" title="Important">

> If you are building your project using `ionic capacitor build`, you must upload the sourcemaps from the native app folder (e.g., android/app/build/assets) — not from the `outputPath` defined in your web project (like `www` or `dist`).

Author: ```suggestion
If you are building your project using `ionic capacitor build`, you must upload the source maps from the native app folder (e.g., android/app/build/assets) — not from the `outputPath` defined in your web project (like `www` or `dist`).
```
